README.md, before:

# Hi there! <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/hvRJCLFzcasrR4ia7z/giphy.gif" width="29px" height="29px"/>

Thank you very much for checking out my GitHub page!

## 🎓 About Me

I'm a Bioinformatician and full-stack web developer, experienced in developing and automating next-generation sequencing (NGS) data analysis pipelines. My experience spans various aspects of bioinformatics and web development, including the analysis of clinical whole-exome, whole-genome, and RNA seq samples.

In my previous roles, I've developed databases containing variant annotations and their allele frequencies across different populations using in-house cohorts. I've also created a real-time dashboard for users to monitor the status of the NGS variant calling pipeline and access QC metrics and other results. Additionally, I've contributed to the development of a novel machine learning approach that predicts the immunogenicity of a peptide using various features derived from amino-acid composition, HLA-binding, structural features, peptide processing, and peptide transport. My work experience also includes developing scripts and tools for interacting with public databases.

## 📝 Projects

-   SRA annotator : A command-line tool for retrieving annotations from the NCBI SRA database. (Python)
    - Repo: https://github.com/maurya-anand/sra-annotator

-   ARA (Automated Record Analysis) : An automatic pipeline for exploration of SRA datasets with sequences as a query (Perl, Docker)
    - Repo: https://github.com/maurya-anand/ARA

-   Covid19 tracker (Python Django, HighchartsJS)
    - Demo: https://covidlive-8jvw.onrender.com/
    - Repo: https://github.com/maurya-anand/covid19live
    
-   Word usage using dictionary API (ReactJS)
    - Demo: https://dictionary-aa43b.web.app/
    - Repo: https://github.com/maurya-anand/react-dictionary
    
-   Netflix-clone using themoviedb API (ReactJS)
    - Demo: https://netflix-react-a5dbe.web.app/
    - Repo: https://github.com/maurya-anand/netflix-react
    
## 🛠️ Skills

### Bioinformatics

-   WGS, WES and RNA-seq data analysis
-   Somatic and germline variant calling and annotation
-   Data analysis pipeline development and automation

### Languages

![Perl](https://img.shields.io/badge/Perl-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=Perl&logoColor=white) ![Bash](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bash-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=GNU-Bash&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=Python&logoColor=white) ![Javascript](https://img.shields.io/badge/Javascript-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=Javascript&logoColor=white) ![R](https://img.shields.io/badge/R-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=R&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=MySQL&logoColor=white) 

### Workflow management

![Nextflow](https://img.shields.io/badge/Nextflow-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=Nextflow&logoColor=white) ![GNU Make](https://img.shields.io/badge/MAKE-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=GNU&logoColor=white) ![GNU Parallel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Parallel-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=GNU&logoColor=white) ![WDL](https://img.shields.io/badge/WDL-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=WDL&logoColor=white)

### Web Development

![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=React&logoColor=white) ![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/Django-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=Django&logoColor=white) ![Shiny](https://img.shields.io/badge/Shiny-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=R&logoColor=white) ![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/PHP-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=PHP&logoColor=white) ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=Bootstrap&logoColor=white) ![jQuery](https://img.shields.io/badge/jQuery-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=jQuery&logoColor=white) ![Axios](https://img.shields.io/badge/Axios-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white) ![Django REST framework](https://img.shields.io/badge/Django%20REST%20framework-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=Django&logoColor=white) ![Perl CGI](https://img.shields.io/badge/Perl%20CGI-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=Perl&logoColor=white) ![Highcharts](https://img.shields.io/badge/Highcharts-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=Javascript&logoColor=white) ![D3.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/D3.js-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=D3.js&logoColor=white) ![Plotly](https://img.shields.io/badge/Plotly-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=Plotly&logoColor=white)

### Version control

![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=Git&logoColor=white) ![Subversion](https://img.shields.io/badge/SVN-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=Subversion&logoColor=white)

### Containerization & Package management

![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=Docker&logoColor=white) ![Conda](https://img.shields.io/badge/Conda%20Bioconda-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=Anaconda&logoColor=white) ![Mamba](https://img.shields.io/badge/Mamba-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=condaforge&logoColor=white) ![Pip](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pip-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=pypi&logoColor=white)

### Backend as a Service (BaaS)

![Render](https://img.shields.io/badge/Render-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=Render&logoColor=white) ![Heroku](https://img.shields.io/badge/Heroku-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=Heroku&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firebase-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=Firebase&logoColor=white)

### CI/CD

![Jenkins](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jenkins-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=Jenkins&logoColor=white)
![Github Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/Github%20Actions-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=Github-Actions&logoColor=white)

### Project managment

![Redmine](https://img.shields.io/badge/Redmine-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=Redmine&logoColor=white)
![Github Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/Github%20Projects-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=Github&logoColor=white)

Commit message:

Add WDL workflow links and update project description

README.md, after:

# Hi there! <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/hvRJCLFzcasrR4ia7z/giphy.gif" width="29px" height="29px"/>

Thank you very much for checking out my GitHub page!

## 🎓 About Me

I'm a Bioinformatician and full-stack web developer, experienced in developing and automating next-generation sequencing (NGS) data analysis pipelines. My experience spans various aspects of bioinformatics and web development, including the analysis of clinical whole-exome, whole-genome, and RNA seq samples.

In my previous roles, I've developed databases containing variant annotations and their allele frequencies across different populations using in-house cohorts. I've also created a real-time dashboard for users to monitor the status of the NGS variant calling pipeline and access QC metrics and other results. Additionally, I've contributed to the development of a novel machine learning approach that predicts the immunogenicity of a peptide using various features derived from amino-acid composition, HLA-binding, structural features, peptide processing, and peptide transport. My work experience also includes developing scripts and tools for interacting with public databases.

## 📝 Projects

- Developed and published various workflows using the Workflow Description Language (WDL):
    - Dockstore: https://dockstore.org/search?all_authors.name.keyword=Anand%20Maurya

-   SRA annotator : A command-line tool for retrieving annotations from the NCBI SRA database. (Python)
    - Repo: https://github.com/maurya-anand/sra-annotator

-   ARA (Automated Record Analysis) : An automatic pipeline for exploration of SRA datasets with sequences as a query (Perl, Docker)
    - Repo: https://github.com/maurya-anand/ARA

-   Covid19 tracker (Python Django, HighchartsJS)
    - Demo: https://covidlive-8jvw.onrender.com/
    - Repo: https://github.com/maurya-anand/covid19live
    
-   Word usage using dictionary API (ReactJS)
    - Demo: https://dictionary-aa43b.web.app/
    - Repo: https://github.com/maurya-anand/react-dictionary
    
-   Netflix-clone using themoviedb API (ReactJS)
    - Demo: https://netflix-react-a5dbe.web.app/
    - Repo: https://github.com/maurya-anand/netflix-react
    
## 🛠️ Skills

### Bioinformatics

-   WGS, WES and RNA-seq data analysis
-   Somatic and germline variant calling and annotation
-   Data analysis pipeline development and automation

### Languages

![Perl](https://img.shields.io/badge/Perl-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=Perl&logoColor=white) ![Bash](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bash-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=GNU-Bash&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=Python&logoColor=white) ![Javascript](https://img.shields.io/badge/Javascript-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=Javascript&logoColor=white) ![R](https://img.shields.io/badge/R-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=R&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=MySQL&logoColor=white) 

### Workflow management

![Nextflow](https://img.shields.io/badge/Nextflow-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=Nextflow&logoColor=white) ![GNU Make](https://img.shields.io/badge/MAKE-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=GNU&logoColor=white) ![GNU Parallel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Parallel-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=GNU&logoColor=white) ![WDL](https://img.shields.io/badge/WDL-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=WDL&logoColor=white)

### Web Development

![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=React&logoColor=white) ![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/Django-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=Django&logoColor=white) ![Shiny](https://img.shields.io/badge/Shiny-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=R&logoColor=white) ![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/PHP-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=PHP&logoColor=white) ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=Bootstrap&logoColor=white) ![jQuery](https://img.shields.io/badge/jQuery-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=jQuery&logoColor=white) ![Axios](https://img.shields.io/badge/Axios-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white) ![Django REST framework](https://img.shields.io/badge/Django%20REST%20framework-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=Django&logoColor=white) ![Perl CGI](https://img.shields.io/badge/Perl%20CGI-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=Perl&logoColor=white) ![Highcharts](https://img.shields.io/badge/Highcharts-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=Javascript&logoColor=white) ![D3.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/D3.js-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=D3.js&logoColor=white) ![Plotly](https://img.shields.io/badge/Plotly-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=Plotly&logoColor=white)

### Version control

![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=Git&logoColor=white) ![Subversion](https://img.shields.io/badge/SVN-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=Subversion&logoColor=white)

### Containerization & Package management

![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=Docker&logoColor=white) ![Conda](https://img.shields.io/badge/Conda%20Bioconda-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=Anaconda&logoColor=white) ![Mamba](https://img.shields.io/badge/Mamba-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=condaforge&logoColor=white) ![Pip](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pip-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=pypi&logoColor=white)

### Backend as a Service (BaaS)

![Render](https://img.shields.io/badge/Render-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=Render&logoColor=white) ![Heroku](https://img.shields.io/badge/Heroku-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=Heroku&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firebase-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=Firebase&logoColor=white)

### CI/CD

![Jenkins](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jenkins-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=Jenkins&logoColor=white)
![Github Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/Github%20Actions-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=Github-Actions&logoColor=white)

### Project managment

![Redmine](https://img.shields.io/badge/Redmine-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=Redmine&logoColor=white)
![Github Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/Github%20Projects-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=Github&logoColor=white)
